we call lazy fishing hey hey yeah and
the reason we call this lazy fishing cuz
we're just sitting back you mostly and
we're fishing
speedometer 1.5 or in 31 feet of water
we need to get a little shallower okay
we have a fish look like yours of fishes
you're still on there may be a hybrid oh
I think I got
Oh
not when we want so good well no oh yes
that one I don't know it's looks like
he's gotten one or two hits but camera
13 is paying that well but we were bound
to get a fish soon this one already had
a hit least one for this
looks like
it's a good-sized crappie there nice one
good job
ooh
waters actually yes a local local not a
man all right
[Music]
alright son oh yeah you're good dad
you